README.md, before:

### Run the controller with RVIZ simulation

####  1. Preparation:

  * Install the dependencies:
       1. [mc_rtc](https://jrl-umi3218.github.io/mc_rtc/tutorials/introduction/installation-guide.html) 
       2. [stabiliplus](https://gite.lirmm.fr/mc-controllers/stabiliplus) The balance polytope computation library
       3. eigen-quadprog and sch-core
       4. [gram_savitzky_golay](https://github.com/arntanguy/gram_savitzky_golay) a filtering library to get velocity and acceleration from position.

  * Install the robot models and their module in mc_rtc:
       1. [human_description](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/human_description) is the human model to download in your catkin data workspace.
       2. [mc_human](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/mc_human) is the interface between `mc_rtc` and the human model.
       1. [hrp4_description](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/hrp4) is the robot model to download in your catkin data workspace.
       4. [mc_hrp4](https://gite.lirmm.fr/mc-hrp4/mc-hrp4) is the interface between `mc_rtc` and the HRP4 model.


  * Set the main robot and the controller in your `mc_rtc.yaml` configuration file:
```yaml
  MainRobot: HRP4NoHand
  Enabled: HelpUpController
```



####  2. Run the controller:

  * Start `roscore`: 
```sh
roscore
```

  * Start `fsm_withHuman_display.rviz`:
```sh
cd launch/
rosrun rviz rviz -d fsm_withHuman_display.rviz
```

  * Run `mc_rtc_ticker`:
```sh
rosrun mc_rtc_ticker mc_rtc_ticker
```

Commit message:

Added support of Arnaud's new XsensPlugin and replay, with retargetting state + acceleration model for VRP missing forces + small FSM to change begin stance of HRP4

README.md, after:

### Run the controller with RVIZ simulation

####  1. Preparation:

  * Install the dependencies:
       1. [mc_rtc](https://jrl-umi3218.github.io/mc_rtc/tutorials/introduction/installation-guide.html) 
       2. [stabiliplus](https://gite.lirmm.fr/mc-controllers/stabiliplus) The balance polytope computation library
       3. eigen-quadprog and sch-core
       4. [gram_savitzky_golay](https://github.com/arntanguy/gram_savitzky_golay) a filtering and derivation library. The branch used is topic/sva.

  * Install the robot models and their module in mc_rtc:
       1. [human_description](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/human_description) is the human model to download in your catkin data workspace.
       2. [mc_human](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/mc_human) is the interface between `mc_rtc` and the human model.
       1. [hrp4_description](https://gite.lirmm.fr/hlefevre/hrp4) is the robot model to download in your catkin data workspace.
       4. [mc_hrp4](https://gite.lirmm.fr/mc-hrp4/mc-hrp4) is the interface between `mc_rtc` and the HRP4 model.

  * Install the required plugins:
       1. [mc_xsens_plugin]() The plugin used to get the xsens data from the motion capture and create the datastore calls necessary to get the data.
       2. [mc_force_shoe_plugin](https://github.com/Hugo-L3174/mc_force_shoe_plugin) The plugin used to get the 6d force vectors from the xsens force shoes prototypes.

  * Set the main robot and the controller in your `mc_rtc.yaml` configuration file:
```yaml
  MainRobot: HRP4NoHand
  Enabled: HelpUpController
```



####  2. Run the controller:

  * Start `roscore`: 
```sh
roscore
```

  * Start `fsm_withHuman_display.rviz`:
```sh
cd launch/
rosrun rviz rviz -d fsm_withHuman_display.rviz
```

  * Run `mc_rtc_ticker`:
```sh
rosrun mc_rtc_ticker mc_rtc_ticker
```
